Update linting.md (#300)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/linting.md

[Bandit](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit) is a tool designed to find common security issues in Python code.

We run `bandit` with a confidence level of HIGH. In the rare case that it reports a false positive, you can execlude the code by adding a comment of the sort: `# nosec`. See: https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit#exclusions .

## XSOAR Linter

> This linter is a custom linter, based on pylint, which main purpose is to catch errors regarding demisto code standarts. The linter is activated using pylints load plugins ability. We run this linter with custom demisto error and warning messages only (all other messages are disabled). On rare occasions you may encounter a need to disable an error/warning returned from this linter. Do this by adding an inline comment of the sort on the line you want to disable the error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a custom linter, based on pylint, which main purpose is to catch errors regarding Cortex XSOAR code standards. The linter is activated using pylint load plugins ability. We run this linter with custom Cortex XSOAR error and warning messages only (all other messages are disabled). On rare occasions you may encounter a need to disable an error/warning returned from this linter. Do this by adding an inline comment of the sort on the line you want to disable the error:
```

> This is a custom linter, based on pylint, which main purpose is to catch errors regarding Cortex XSOAR code standards. The linter is activated using pylint load plugins ability. We run this linter with custom Cortex XSOAR error and warning messages only (all other messages are disabled). On rare occasions you may encounter a need to disable an error/warning returned from this linter. Do this by adding an inline comment of the sort on the line you want to disable the error:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a custom linter, based on pylint, whose main purpose is to catch errors regarding Cortex XSOAR code standards. The linter is activated using the pylint load plugins ability. We run this linter only with custom Cortex XSOAR error and warning messages (all other messages are disabled). On rare occasions, you may encounter a scenario in which you need to disable an error or warning message from being returned from by linter. To do this add an inline comment, as shown below, on the line you want to disable the error:
```

```
# pylint: disable=<error-name>
```

For example:

```python

> a, b = ... # pylint: disable=print-exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print('Success!') # pylint: disable=print-exists
```

```

> Is is also possible to `disable` and then `enable` a block of code. For example (taken from CommonServerPython.py):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is also possible to `disable` and then `enable` a block of code. The following example is taken from CommonServerPython.py:
```

```python
# pylint: disable=sys-exit-exists
if IS_PY3:
    pass
else:
    sys.exit(1)
# pylint: enable=sys-exit-exists
```

> **Note**: pylint can take both the error name and error code when doing inline comment disables. It is best to use the name which is clearer to understand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Pylint can take both the error name and error code when using an inline comment disable message. Please note, that it is best to use the name which is most clear to understand.
```
